stable/autonity/README.md, before:

## Autonity helm chart

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity](https://badges.gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity.svg)](https://gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


## Introduction

This chart deploys a infrustructure for `validator` that is a member of  **private** [Autonity](https://www.autonity.io/) network onto a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) 
cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.   
Autonity is a generalization of the Ethereum protocol based on a fork of go-ethereum.   
[Autonity Documentation](https://docs.autonity.io)

## Initial ceremony
### Phase 1
Actor: Operator
1. Operator sent for each organisation list with entrypoints

    | Organisation name | dns name |
    |-------------------|----------|
    | org1  | validator1.ogr1.com   |
    | org2  | val2.ogr2.net   |
    | org3  | validator3.ogr3.io    |
    | org4  | othername4.ogr4.co.uk |
    
    Requirements:
    1. Organisation should be owner of their domain
    1. DNSSEC for domain should be enabled
1. Operator also sent `genesis` options for the first block like:
    1. network_ID
    1. Chain_ID
    1. max gas price
    1. etc

### Phase 2
Actor: Each validator
1. Generate validator private and public keys
1. Allocate public IP and port for p2p connections
1. Push this data to own DNS records that was defined at `Phase 1`

    | type | name | value | TTL |
    |------|-------------------|-------------|---|
    | A    | validator1.@      | 203.0.113.1 | 24h |
    | TXT  | key_validator1.@  |ad840ab412c026b098291f5ab56f923214469c61d4a8be41334c9a00e2dc84a8ff9a5035b3683184ea79902436454a7a00e966de45ff46dbd118e426edd4b2d0| 1h |
    | TXT  | port_validator1.@ |30303        | 24h |

### Phase 3
Actor: Each validator
1. Check each dns records from list at `Phase 1` every `X` min
1. When all records was resolved, generate `genesis.json` and execute `autonity init`
1. Execute service `autonity`

### Phase 4
Actor: Each validator
1. Check if new blocks mined
1. Get from `autonity RPC` list of validators in a smart contract and check your own `enodeid`
    1. if it does not match - make alarm?
    1. if it matched - confirm that network was setup correctly

Commit message:

Clarify validator and validator nodes

stable/autonity/README.md, after:

## Autonity helm chart

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity](https://badges.gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity.svg)](https://gitter.im/clearmatics/autonity?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)


## Introduction

This chart deploys a infrustructure for `validator` that is a member of  **private** [Autonity](https://www.autonity.io/) network onto a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) 
cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.   
Autonity is a generalization of the Ethereum protocol based on a fork of go-ethereum.   
[Autonity Documentation](https://docs.autonity.io)

## Initial ceremony
### Phase 1
Actor: Operator
1. Operator sent for each organisation list with entrypoints

    | Organisation name | dns name |
    |-------------------|----------|
    | org1  | validator1.ogr1.com   |
    | org1  | validator2.ogr1.com   |
    | org2  | val2.ogr2.net   |
    | org3  | validator3.ogr3.io    |
    | org4  | othername4.ogr4.co.uk |
    
    Requirements:
    1. Organisation should be owner of their domain
    1. DNSSEC for domain should be enabled
1. Operator also sent `genesis` options for the first block like:
    1. network_ID
    1. Chain_ID
    1. max gas price
    1. etc

### Phase 2
Actor: Each validator
1. Generate  private and public keys for validator node
1. Allocate public IP and port for p2p connections
1. Push this data to own DNS records that was defined at `Phase 1`

    | type | name | value | TTL |
    |------|-------------------|-------------|---|
    | A    | validator1.@      | 203.0.113.1 | 24h |
    | TXT  | key_validator1.@  |ad840ab412c026b098291f5ab56f923214469c61d4a8be41334c9a00e2dc84a8ff9a5035b3683184ea79902436454a7a00e966de45ff46dbd118e426edd4b2d0| 1h |
    | TXT  | port_validator1.@ |30303        | 24h |

### Phase 3
Actor: Each validator
1. Check each dns records from list at `Phase 1` every `X` min
1. When all records was resolved, generate `genesis.json` and execute `autonity init`
1. Execute service `autonity`

### Phase 4
Actor: Each validator
1. Check if new blocks mined
1. Get from `autonity RPC` list of validator nodes in a smart contract and check your own `enodeid`
    1. if it does not match - make alarm?
    1. if it matched - confirm that network was setup correctly
